hey what up what up is she voice Spidey
so I wanted to hop on uh I was at the
d23 expo this morning uh they have yet
to release footage of me in the film
honestly I'm on pins and needles you
know I I got lunch with Tom Holland a
couple weeks ago he wanted to uh you
character research you always give my
name wrong considering I was wearing
this mask that seems kind of ridiculous
anyways he's a sweet kid sweet nice kid
he had a lot of great questions how do I
take my coffee I told him I took it with
whiskey did I like Mary Jane or Gwen
Moore um I would do both just a sweet
sweet kid what do I think of Tom Holland
uh you know what I think the kid's gonna
do great he here he captures my my class
I have a certain charm and in class of
that I'm aware of uh pardon me and I
really think he'd captured it but no
honestly I'm really excited to uh to see
me in the civil war trailer so
apparently they released a small clip
one of the first clips of the film which
is super exciting but there's a lot more
time the d3x d them up oh man gotta lay
off this whiskey the d23 expo so I'm
still open for a trailer I have inside
sources that said they have cut 1 i've
seen clips of the film sometimes consult
leon of my movements and such and also i
did a lot of historical fact checking
for them this particular silver war
movement uh yeah i'm excited to see it
i'll do a live reaction or something you
guys now I was talking to uh ant-man
earlier and he is super stoked about his
role uh in the Marvel Universe he thinks
Paul Rudd is amazing which he is amazing
he's a lot cooler than the real life
ant-man so of course he's happy about
that Deadpool stoked be played by one of
the most attractive men in Hollywood
they gonna need a babysitter on set for
tom i'm just joshin ya so I'm stoked to
see that later so apparently what we got
we got some clips of Hawkeye fighting
Black Widow we got some clips a fireman
throwing captain off of a cliff it did
not happen by the way factually I just
wanted to correct that how kind of Black
Widow did fight though I think I
remember that being about a parking
space anyway the little disappointed
there they didn't show anything about me
to the crowd but like I said hopefully
we'll get up we'll get a trailer later
on today pretty excited for that aside
that I'm super stoked for that i'ma
wanna movie anyway sorry if I didn't
stick around say I to any fans at Red
g23 I you know high profile like me they
had me in and out although I think they
thought I was just a dude in a
spider-man costume uh so I was just
hoping to run into Benedict Cumberbatch
that's the whole reason I went and every
thanks for watching guys hopefully when
they put the trailer up i'll do another
day but it's one to uh check in getting
my thoughts my feelings sorry but how
the lunch with Tom Holland went uh yeah
I'm excited we'll see where that goes
really they wrote Deadpool on my cup do
this at all do what no God dang you like
the video make sure you leave a like and
make sure you subscribe you know I keep
saying that every week make sure you do
bring it videos every Friday uh this is
how I you know connect with the people
that I that I save on a regular basis
although I think people like hearing you
know a celebrity be honest every once in
a while thanks for watching guys and a
friendly neighborhood spider-man hit you
on the flip side
ant-man I didn't say that Paul Rudd was
more attractive than you know I didn't I
just know what I meant by that you're an
ok looking guy Paul Rhoads a movie so
you know I can't hear you when you turn
into an ant